at first we can see seo jin is an
architect
who lost his wife nearly six months ago
in a hit-and-run accident
stricken with the grief of not finding
the responsible driver for his wife's
death
he struggles to manage his work and
taking care of his daughter
the film begins with his hypnosis
therapy scene which takes him back to
the day of the accident
but his memories soon get mingled with
his childhood memories where he finds
himself next to a man selling balloons
in a children's park
and he finds a little girl standing in
the distance
the moment he tries to look at the
girl's face he wakes up
after returning home his parents tell
him to take good care of his daughter
yina
who still doesn't know about her
mother's death and not just keep himself
busy with work all the time
the next day at work sayo jin gets a
call from soul emanuel orphanage who
claims that his long last sister was
found after 25 years
he then goes to meet his found sister
eugene and both of them don't seem to
have clear memories about what happened
on the day of her abduction
their parents and they go to the
hospital where eugene works to retrieve
her things back
there they meet a fellow nurse yeon-joo
who tells them that you jin is the ace
of her co-workers
after a couple of days yeena gets close
to her aunt and follows everything her
aunt tells her to do
soon yoo jin gets close to the whole
family
she changes their house's infrastructure
and hires new workers to work at home
and help with their mother's
rehabilitation his parents and daughter
don't act the same with him anymore and
listen to whatever eugene says
all this doesn't make sense to say oh
jin and he begins to doubt if eugene is
really his lost sister
one day their old trusted mate and yoo
jin taking yee not a dance class
on that place suddenly a man recognized
eugene and began to follow them
seeing him you jin started fleeing after
a moment she caught
the angry man was holding her collar and
keep saying where is his daughter
eugene said i don't know after a few
moments later the man found died on car
parking garage
but unfortunately their maid saw that
and began to suspect her
eugen understand that thier made all
know about that man killing
yina was sleeping in the car then she
told their maid
let's take you somewhere after that she
was later found nowhere else
meanwhile eugene came home and told
everyone their maid ran away with a man
because of love
but sao jin could not accept it he told
their maid can't do this
sayojin gets a call from the police that
they were able to find new evidence in
his wife's accident
he notices his sister in the evidence
while watching it
this makes him grow even more suspicious
of her identity
he consults his psychiatrist friend then
asks him to perform hypnotism on him
again
this time he sees the face of the driver
who hit his wife and also sees his
sister watching from a distance
to find about eugene's true identity seo
jin goes to the orphanage who call him
earlier
but he doesn't find any orphanage in
that address at the same time
he finds out that yin joo was hired by
yoo jin to tell her family about her
being a nurse
enraged by this he reaches home and
reveals this fact to his family
eugene then apologizes that she lied
about being a nurse
as she wanted to create a good
impression on her in the family
after an argument their mother fain san
is taken to hospital where seojin
manages to get a strand of eugene's hair
he takes the sample to get a dna
analysis
[Music]
after a series of incidents seo jin
becomes sure that you jin is an intruder
one night sao jin gets a call from a
realtor that there is someone in his old
home
when he goes to his old house he finds
their trusted maid yi and jew's dead
body in the bathtub and faints
after becoming conscious he finds
himself tied up to a chair by a man he
sees in his hypnosis
the one who killed his wife
he tells sayojin that he was the one who
called him earlier from the orphanage
and is also the one who killed his wife
which he claims to be unintentional
he tells seo jin that theirs is a
religious group where they worship the
chosen holy child
for this they abduct girls of similar
age and perform
certain rituals on the child and make
their believers worship the child
now the chosen child is yina
[Music]
angry sayojin kills him
and comes back home only to find police
waiting for him
a series of incidents make the police
and sayojin's friend believe that sao
jin is behaving wild because of his
medication
they arrest sao jin and yoo jin
confesses in a car privately to him
she tells about how she met his wife and
made her join their cult
she blames him for being a workaholic
and neglecting his family
[Applause]
saojin laters manages to flee from the
police
after that involves and hustle with you
jin when she tries to escape with yina
seojin rescues his daughter when she
comes to the edge of the hill
but eugene falls when she tries to catch
me
she pleads him not to leave her hand as
their mother told him not to let go of
her hand
but he leads her to fall after
recollecting what happened on the day
of his sister's abduction telling her
that even if she were his real sister
she could never be their family after
that sayojin tells everything to the
police
later sayo jin's family starts getting
better
[Music]
at the end seo jin shredding the dna
analysis of eugene
he requested four without looking at the
result
[Music]
you